in case you did not know I wrote it in
illustrated a children's book it's
called the serious goose this is the
book all the money I make from it goes
to Children's Hospital in LA and
children's hospitals across the United
States even that they have books not
anywhere but or you can go to serious
goose comm most serious goose comm to
get a copy signed by yours truly which
is my code name for me Guillermo did you
buy a copy of the book yeah but do we
have a target you did oh yeah
they only had three I bought a whole and
you paid for them yourself yes Aaron is
that true
did he pay for them it is are you lying
all right well thank gracias give up
you're the best there will be further
investigation later okay no one acts
rocks or loves harder than our first
guest tonight he is a grammy-winning
half of tenacious d and he dedicates his
days to theater movie theater do mangy
the next level opens in theaters Friday
please say hello to Jack Black
[Applause]
[Music]
amazing really amazing you know what
we've been on for a long time and
consistently no one makes a better
entrance than you do no one it's not
even close I feel like every time I set
the bar a tiny bit higher uh-huh
there's a lot of pressure now for myself
I can't just walk out here anymore
I'm always like what am I gonna do you
want me to clean those glasses they look
all I know is I got to get a spinner
ruin their let me see these look like
they've been wiped down with a chicken
cutlet all right that's the best I can
do I'm sorry I don't have any spray all
over the world right try this movie
Jumanji the next level it's one of those
big movies you gotta go around the world
to promote mm-hmm so we hit Berlin we
hit London we hit gay Paree and uh and
they're big premieres you know each city
has their own like big ShamWow and uh
and uh and you know you do the the for
me do the red carpet and then you
introduce the movie premiere right and I
felt like what can I do similarly here
it's like what can I do to like make an
impression
uh-huh and I was thinking about all the
great like like a premiere moments and
the best one is j-law
Jennifer Lawrence at the Oscars remember
when she was walking up the stairs to
accept her Oscar and she like tripped
and fell yeah and then America just fell
in love with her even though it's like
you're a klutz that's a you look like an
idiot right opposite happened people
after ten times more and so then at all
the premieres I just been like just like
tripping on the way up the stairs on
purpose it looks real oh and the French
or
we love it more and to be honest thank
you they like that stuff a lot thank you
yeah and I was thinking I wanted to do
it here to enter with a big fall but
then I thought maybe maybe that's too
would you be okay if we redid my
entrance absolutely you want me to just
inter so I'll just introduce you as if
okay all right all right well listen it
was so good why not do it again I hope
Jack survives this one
Jumanji the next level opens in theaters
Friday please say hello to Jack
[Music]
how are you alright I'm ok that's just
the first time I've ever fallen we might
have our first on-air death you okay
I've never gotten this much cardio
alright well this is great it's great to
be out the steam it's by the way
speaking of entrances I do want to
mention first of all I want to say I
know you had you turned 50 this a couple
months ago we had a big party yeah at La
oh not really I don't like to party I
don't like to have a party for myself I
always feel like weird be in the center
I know it's weird it's my my gig is
being the center of attention but my
birthday party I like to go to other
peoples parties but I wanted to do a
birthday concert because I feel more
comfortable when I'm up on stage you
know putting on the show right that's
like the the best way to celebrate my
time if it's my day I want to put on a
show and so yeah I'm a buddy you
planning
you took though yeah yes Laura again at
Largo who runs the Largo which is a
great place to go that's Theatre in Los
Angeles it is a great theater and who
took it very you actually celebrated
quite literally you mind if we show this
I love it so tell us what's happening
here I know that's me it's like for my
big entrance uh-huh
I wanted to recreate my original
entrance into this world huh
everybody comes into the world the same
way through their mother's reproductive
canal right right as where my wife made
this your wife made this PUFA this
gigantic vulva for me to enter through
okay
and it's actually how I was born my butt
came first and then I babe the doctor
put it back and put my put my foot for
next and they pulled me out by the feet
and you hopped out of your mother once
again it was very important that I had
the right entrance yeah and if it's my
birthday show and it was called the Jack
Black experience because I didn't want
people in the audience to know that it
was my birthday show I see I thought
what better way to start the Jack Black
experience where I tell people the whole
story of my life than to start at the
beginning
did you like was your family there to
see this to witness yes yep well my
family was there yeah my boys were there
my wife was there they were all part of
the show uh-huh
yeah the boys like the entrance look the
boys I think they loved the show but
they might have been slightly
traumatized it wasn't really for kids
but they are now 11 and 13 okay I think
as long as there's creativity involved I
don't have a problem with not only that
you don't have to explain how babies are
born anymore lesson of the birds and the
beam are they coming to the premiere
with you oh yeah oh they are there in
the than in the dressing room right now
oh nice with my dad my stepmom my sister
all in the house oh wow
we're dad visiting from my dad is
visiting from tonasket Washington in
Washington State Wow and yeah it's very
excited he come to all your premieres
he's not really been to any of the
premieres that I think this is the first
one but you know this is one of those
where it's a big one and then they don't
come around that often anymore you know
the big ones where it's an event
yeah worldwide movies right right he
came down excited to have him here sure
there it's not a red carpet tonight it's
a blue carpet I'm gonna bring him on a
blue carpet okay
very proud all right well maybe your dad
will make an entrance of some kind does
your dad do that sort of thing maybe
we'll both slip and fall on our butts
your cousin did cousin Mickey when she
fell down yes that was quite a you see
the whole world fell in love you think
lettuce jackwagon Jumanji my gosh I got
Kevin Hart's role this time I get to be
fridge this sound Kevin will be here
this week the way Johnson will be here
this week were you guys flying around
together on your plane going everywhere
with no separately well--that's together
once we got to the destination gotcha
yeah and it makes it a lot more fun to
be with guys like that and vice versa
I'm sure it does what do you mean to be
separate and then together together part
in there that's right partner you
mentioned a couple things first of all
with tenacious d you in Kyle you did
like a world tour
how was that thank you everyone else for
joining in with you know that's the
that's my pride my agency that's my baby
yeah love to go on tour with the new we
got a rock opera post-apocalyptic Alanna
we we toured all around the world and we
even stopped off in Nashville and we got
a call from Jack White yeah that yeah
who has his headquarters there in
Nashville and he was like hey if you're
coming through why don't you come by and
record a little something at my home
studio and we were like yes we can't say
no to that because like he's a legend
yeah my idol I love Jack when he's
fantastic yeah but there also was terror
whoa whoa no now we got a go week well
because you or don't want to let Jack
White down so we're like what are we
gonna do we can't just go record one of
our old songs we got to write a new song
so we wrote a song about how terrified
we were to go rock for Jack White and
it's called don't blow it Kage I
affectionately call him cage yeah and we
went and we blew doors down and it's
available if you want to hear don't blow
it cage what is it like it his studio is
that he lives at the studios in his
house right or so yes his house if
anyone gets a chance to go to Jack
White's house jump on that off but not
right now wait till daytime you know
what it is it's like yeah don't don't
hop the fence you got to get the invite
but the thing about his play it's like
going to Graceland it's like every room
has like been meticulously curated it's
a write with magic and humor and
weirdness oh and while I was walking
through he said he said if you don't
mind just don't take any pictures or
video and I think this is killing me
this would be the best photos and videos
and I was like I think I know why though
he's creating a Graceland when he dies
then you will be allowed to go in and
tour the museum that's what you know
there's something nuts in there can he
tell something that's in there I mean
literally every square inch of that
place has a moment of magic but my
favorite might have been theirs
- like taxidermy lions huge powerful
beasts and in between them there's this
gorgeous ornate like throne and he said
you can sit there that's where I go to
read between the Lions it's so corny
it's so cheesy but it's also so genius
and everywhere you look there's another
situation that's pretty good yeah well
it's very good to see you when is gonna
come out that record that you made it's
out it don't blow it - Oh in that case I
love that record yeah well I want to get
in a fight with EJ it was a beautiful
entrance there are two beautiful
entrances I think not can we can you
just cut out the first one just and then
cut out this part - yeah yeah it'll be
as if you were never on the show jag
blog he was not here his movies
hi i'm jimmy kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a watchman